Grey Land, let me see if you are hurt.
Democracy examines the wounds
Don't touch it back and forth like this
This
This is the estimated second weight.
Han Yang, you have been promoted again
It's just a small realm
If you knew my last eight lives
The height reached
Wouldn't be so surprised now
In one day, first cross the big realm
A little more.
So talented
It's not good to say it, it's a teacher's prestige
He was only 18 years old and he was already in Erchuan
I was invited out by Wu Qing when I was 18
What kind of monster did you take?
God really picked up a ghost
Disciples don't look good
Reputation
Ok you practice well
Seven days later
Led Inner Mongolia and invaded disciples to Zhou Zhou
Participate in the Hundred Doors Dance
What is the Hundred Doors Dance?
Do you know how many sects there are in Yuanwu Continent?
I'm afraid it's like the sea rising sand
Countless
Yes, because there are many sects in Yuanwu Continent
Many sects come together again
In order not to let the major and minor sects cut off contact
More than a thousand years ago, it was founded by Tianxiang Sect
A Hundred Doors Dance will be held every ten years
One is for communication
The second is to enable young people
Yang Mingna must have been in the last Hundred Doors Dance
The owner must be greatly different
Of course.
Master, I am a genius once in a thousand years
Hundred Doors Dance
They were all outstanding disciples of various sects
Yu Gu Jing is just enchanted
Muscular mirror is the main force
So you must practice hard during this time
Even if you can't break through to the fifth level of the Imperial Valley Realm
I also want to break through to the fourth level of the Imperial Valley Realm
Only then can there be a glimmer of opportunity
Yes